c:\Users\ed\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\MyMusicAPI.dll.config
c:\Users\ed\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\MyMusicAPI.dll
c:\Users\ed\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\MyMusicAPI.pdb
c:\Users\ed\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\Users\ed\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\ed\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\Users\ed\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\Users\ed\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\Users\ed\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\Users\ed\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\ed\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\System.Spatial.dll
c:\Users\ed\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\Users\ed\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.dll
c:\Users\ed\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.Tracing.dll
c:\Users\ed\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\Users\ed\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\Users\ed\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\Users\ed\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\Users\ed\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\Users\ed\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\Users\ed\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\Users\ed\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\Users\ed\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\ed\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\Users\ed\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\Users\ed\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\Users\ed\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\Users\ed\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\Users\ed\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\Users\ed\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\Users\ed\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.Tracing.xml
c:\Users\ed\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.xml
c:\Users\ed\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
c:\Users\ed\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
c:\Users\ed\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\System.Spatial.xml
c:\Users\ed\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\Users\ed\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\Users\ed\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\Users\ed\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\Users\ed\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\Users\ed\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\Users\ed\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\Users\ed\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\Users\ed\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\Users\ed\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\Users\ed\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\Users\ed\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\Users\ed\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\Users\ed\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\Users\ed\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\Users\ed\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\Users\ed\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\Users\ed\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\Users\ed\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\Users\ed\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\Users\ed\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\Users\ed\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\Users\ed\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\Users\ed\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\Users\ed\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\Users\ed\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\Users\ed\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\Users\ed\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\obj\Debug\MyMusicAPI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\ed\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\obj\Debug\MyMusicAPI.dll
c:\Users\ed\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\obj\Debug\MyMusicAPI.pdb
C:\Users\ed\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\ed\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\ed\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\ed\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\ed\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\ed\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\ed\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\RestSharp.dll
C:\Users\ed\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\RestSharp.xml
C:\Users\ed\Downloads\4thYearProject-master\4thYearProject-master\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\MyMusicAPI.dll.config
C:\Users\ed\Downloads\4thYearProject-master\4thYearProject-master\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\MyMusicAPI.dll
C:\Users\ed\Downloads\4thYearProject-master\4thYearProject-master\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\MyMusicAPI.pdb
C:\Users\ed\Downloads\4thYearProject-master\4thYearProject-master\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\ed\Downloads\4thYearProject-master\4thYearProject-master\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\ed\Downloads\4thYearProject-master\4thYearProject-master\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
C:\Users\ed\Downloads\4thYearProject-master\4thYearProject-master\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
C:\Users\ed\Downloads\4thYearProject-master\4thYearProject-master\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\ed\Downloads\4thYearProject-master\4thYearProject-master\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
C:\Users\ed\Downloads\4thYearProject-master\4thYearProject-master\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\ed\Downloads\4thYearProject-master\4thYearProject-master\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\RestSharp.dll
C:\Users\ed\Downloads\4thYearProject-master\4thYearProject-master\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\ed\Downloads\4thYearProject-master\4thYearProject-master\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\System.Spatial.dll
C:\Users\ed\Downloads\4thYearProject-master\4thYearProject-master\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\ed\Downloads\4thYearProject-master\4thYearProject-master\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\ed\Downloads\4thYearProject-master\4thYearProject-master\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.dll
C:\Users\ed\Downloads\4thYearProject-master\4thYearProject-master\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.Tracing.dll
C:\Users\ed\Downloads\4thYearProject-master\4thYearProject-master\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\ed\Downloads\4thYearProject-master\4thYearProject-master\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\ed\Downloads\4thYearProject-master\4thYearProject-master\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\ed\Downloads\4thYearProject-master\4thYearProject-master\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\ed\Downloads\4thYearProject-master\4thYearProject-master\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\ed\Downloads\4thYearProject-master\4thYearProject-master\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\ed\Downloads\4thYearProject-master\4thYearProject-master\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\ed\Downloads\4thYearProject-master\4thYearProject-master\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\ed\Downloads\4thYearProject-master\4thYearProject-master\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\ed\Downloads\4thYearProject-master\4thYearProject-master\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\RestSharp.xml
C:\Users\ed\Downloads\4thYearProject-master\4thYearProject-master\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\ed\Downloads\4thYearProject-master\4thYearProject-master\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\ed\Downloads\4thYearProject-master\4thYearProject-master\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\ed\Downloads\4thYearProject-master\4thYearProject-master\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\ed\Downloads\4thYearProject-master\4thYearProject-master\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\ed\Downloads\4thYearProject-master\4thYearProject-master\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\ed\Downloads\4thYearProject-master\4thYearProject-master\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\ed\Downloads\4thYearProject-master\4thYearProject-master\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\ed\Downloads\4thYearProject-master\4thYearProject-master\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\ed\Downloads\4thYearProject-master\4thYearProject-master\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\ed\Downloads\4thYearProject-master\4thYearProject-master\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\ed\Downloads\4thYearProject-master\4thYearProject-master\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.Tracing.xml
C:\Users\ed\Downloads\4thYearProject-master\4thYearProject-master\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.xml
C:\Users\ed\Downloads\4thYearProject-master\4thYearProject-master\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
C:\Users\ed\Downloads\4thYearProject-master\4thYearProject-master\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
C:\Users\ed\Downloads\4thYearProject-master\4thYearProject-master\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\System.Spatial.xml
C:\Users\ed\Downloads\4thYearProject-master\4thYearProject-master\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\ed\Downloads\4thYearProject-master\4thYearProject-master\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\ed\Downloads\4thYearProject-master\4thYearProject-master\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\ed\Downloads\4thYearProject-master\4thYearProject-master\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\ed\Downloads\4thYearProject-master\4thYearProject-master\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\ed\Downloads\4thYearProject-master\4thYearProject-master\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\ed\Downloads\4thYearProject-master\4thYearProject-master\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\ed\Downloads\4thYearProject-master\4thYearProject-master\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\ed\Downloads\4thYearProject-master\4thYearProject-master\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\ed\Downloads\4thYearProject-master\4thYearProject-master\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\ed\Downloads\4thYearProject-master\4thYearProject-master\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\ed\Downloads\4thYearProject-master\4thYearProject-master\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\ed\Downloads\4thYearProject-master\4thYearProject-master\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\ed\Downloads\4thYearProject-master\4thYearProject-master\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\ed\Downloads\4thYearProject-master\4thYearProject-master\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\ed\Downloads\4thYearProject-master\4thYearProject-master\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\ed\Downloads\4thYearProject-master\4thYearProject-master\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\ed\Downloads\4thYearProject-master\4thYearProject-master\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\ed\Downloads\4thYearProject-master\4thYearProject-master\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\ed\Downloads\4thYearProject-master\4thYearProject-master\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\ed\Downloads\4thYearProject-master\4thYearProject-master\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\ed\Downloads\4thYearProject-master\4thYearProject-master\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\ed\Downloads\4thYearProject-master\4thYearProject-master\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\ed\Downloads\4thYearProject-master\4thYearProject-master\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\ed\Downloads\4thYearProject-master\4thYearProject-master\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\ed\Downloads\4thYearProject-master\4thYearProject-master\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\ed\Downloads\4thYearProject-master\4thYearProject-master\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\ed\Downloads\4thYearProject-master\4thYearProject-master\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\obj\Debug\MyMusicAPI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\ed\Downloads\4thYearProject-master\4thYearProject-master\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\obj\Debug\MyMusicAPI.dll
C:\Users\ed\Downloads\4thYearProject-master\4thYearProject-master\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\obj\Debug\MyMusicAPI.pdb
C:\Users\ed\Downloads\4thYearProject-master\4thYearProject-master\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\Ninject.dll
C:\Users\ed\Downloads\4thYearProject-master\4thYearProject-master\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
C:\Users\ed\Downloads\4thYearProject-master\4thYearProject-master\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\ed\Downloads\4thYearProject-master\4thYearProject-master\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
C:\Users\ed\Downloads\4thYearProject-master\4thYearProject-master\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\Ninject.xml
C:\Users\ed\Downloads\4thYearProject-master\4thYearProject-master\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
C:\Users\ed\Downloads\4thYearProject-master\4thYearProject-master\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\ed\Downloads\4thYearProject-master\4thYearProject-master\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\ed\Downloads\4thYearProject-master\4thYearProject-master\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\ed\Downloads\4thYearProject-master\4thYearProject-master\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\IKVM.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\ed\Downloads\4thYearProject-master\4thYearProject-master\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\IKVM.OpenJDK.SwingAWT.dll
C:\Users\ed\Downloads\4thYearProject-master\4thYearProject-master\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\IKVM.OpenJDK.Beans.dll
C:\Users\ed\Downloads\4thYearProject-master\4thYearProject-master\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\IKVM.OpenJDK.Corba.dll
C:\Users\ed\Downloads\4thYearProject-master\4thYearProject-master\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\IKVM.OpenJDK.Remoting.dll
C:\Users\ed\Downloads\4thYearProject-master\4thYearProject-master\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\IKVM.OpenJDK.XML.API.dll
C:\Users\ed\Downloads\4thYearProject-master\4thYearProject-master\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\IKVM.OpenJDK.Media.dll
C:\Users\ed\Downloads\4thYearProject-master\4thYearProject-master\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\IKVM.OpenJDK.Text.dll
C:\Users\ed\Downloads\4thYearProject-master\4thYearProject-master\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\IKVM.OpenJDK.Util.dll
C:\Users\ed\Downloads\4thYearProject-master\4thYearProject-master\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\IKVM.Runtime.JNI.dll
C:\Users\ed\Downloads\4thYearProject-master\4thYearProject-master\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\IKVM.OpenJDK.Security.dll
C:\Users\ed\Downloads\4thYearProject-master\4thYearProject-master\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\IKVM.OpenJDK.Management.dll
C:\Users\ed\Downloads\4thYearProject-master\4thYearProject-master\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\IKVM.OpenJDK.Naming.dll
C:\Users\ed\Downloads\4thYearProject-master\4thYearProject-master\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\IKVM.AWT.WinForms.dll
C:\Users\ed\Downloads\4thYearProject-master\4thYearProject-master\MyMusicAPI\MyMusicAPI\bin\IKVM.OpenJDK.Charsets.dll
